An instance of me represents a Uniform Resource Identifier as defined by RFC 3986.  A Uniform Resource Identifier (URI) is a compact sequence of characters that identifies an abstract or physical resource.  


	All my instance variables are decoded and ready for an application to use. If escape sequences appeared in the original URI, octets which are not acceptable as literals in that particular URI component may be present. Use >>printOn: to get the representation required by RFC 2396, in which these octets are escaped using $%. The representation generated by >>printOn: will match the original string from which the URI was constructed exactly, unless octets which are acceptable as literals in some URI component were (unecessaribly) escaped in the original string.

	I do not implement the following portions of RFC 2396:

-	Appendix E (Recommendations for Delimiting URI in Context)
-	Appendix F (Abbreviated URLs)

	Where the BNF and the examples in RFC 2396 do not agree, I comply with the examples. Where RFC 2396 conflicts with other RFCs, I comply with the more authoritative RFC for that topic. All known cases of conflict are documented in the relevant code and tests.

	The classes in the framework follow (existing classes used for instance variables or superclasses are elided).

	URI
		HierarchicalURI (has an Authority and a PathSegmentCollection)
		OpaqueURI

	Authority (determines the path namespace)
		HostAuthority (has a HostIdentifier)
		RegisteredAuthority

	HostIdentifier (identifies a network-accessible host)
		DomainName
		IPv4Address

	URIStream (understands encoding and decoding of URI characters)

	IllegalURIException (indicates a URI-related error)

	URITest (tests the classes in this framework)


	instance variables:

-	scheme		a String containing the scheme of a URI
-	fragment		a String containing the fragment of a URI


Copyright (c) 2006-2008 Brenda Larcom <asparagi@hhhh.org>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

